This module contains the modulesets used to build releases of GNOME 3.

The modulesets are organized in a number of metamodules. The most
important metamodules (which are directly used when building GNOME 3
releases) are:

meta-gnome-core - The entirety of the Core GNOME UX, including fallback
  and utilities.

meta-gnome-apps-tested - Tested GNOME applications. These are built
  continuously by build.gnome.org build slaves, and by default for
  anyone using jhbuild.

The meta-gnome-core metamodule is broken down in a number of auxiliary
metamodules of lesser importance:

meta-gnome-core-utilities -  The Core GNOME Utilities. Only unbranded,
  integrated, basic functionality utilities allowed.

meta-gnome-core-shell - The Core GNOME UX Shell. Only integrated session
  services, data and core UI are allowed.

meta-gnome-core-extras - Ancillary session services and data.

meta-gnome-core-shell-fallback - The Core GNOME Fallback UX. Provides a
  non-composited fallback experience for incapable hardware.

meta-gnome-core-os-services - The Core GNOME OS Services. Only OS System
  services required to provide the Core GNOME UX.

meta-gnome-devel-platform - Platform libraries providing stable APIs,
  essentially the GTK+ stack.

meta-gnome-extended-devel-platform - Libraries and bindings that don't
  necessarily guarantee a stable API.


The metamodules are contained in the following files:

gnome-suites-core.modules - Contains all the meta-gnome-core-* and
  meta-gnome-*-platform metamodules and the modules they contain.

gnome-suites-core-deps-base.modules - External dependencies of
  modules in gnome-suites-core.modules. The modules in this file
  are expected to be established, stable, system modules, that have
  been in place for a long time, with stable API and ABI, and exist
  in sufficient versions in the distributions commonly used by GNOME
  hackers, even in older but still used versions.

gnome-suites-core-deps.modules - External dependencies of modules
  in gnome-suites-core.modules. The modules in this file may be
  developed outside GNOME, with or without to our schedule, but with
  an active development, and where we want to track recent code.

gnome-apps.modules - Contains the meta-gnome-apps-tested metamodule
  and its modules, as well as their dependencies, unless they are
  provided in gnome-suites-core-deps-*.modules.

gnome-world.modules - Any other GNOME-related modules that should be
  buildable via jhbuild. Modules in this file don't necessarily have
  to follow the GNOME release cycle.
